Text
"The leg room is good. However, customer service is why I love flying JetBlue! I would only fly another airline if JetBlue doesn’t fly to that destination. Can’t wait to fly to Europe with JetBlue"
"I Love Jetblue! I have flown this airline 7 times within the past year and they do not disappoint! Thank you for being a par above other brands and keeping your prices low! The snack offerings are wonderful - including gluten free options. Check-in is amazing, staff is amazing,"
"JetBlue is convenient either from Hartford or Westchester. NY. Comfortable seats, decent snacks, great crew that are always smiling. You do have to be aware that JetBlue is not the most economical airline especially for seniors or if you are flying on holidays. You have to look"
Great experience w JetBlue. Flew economy. Sat in the exit row. Lots of legroom. Snack. You have the option to purchase lunch/dinner. Friendly staff. The way to go is def Jetblue
"I flew the ""redeye"" . Very accommodating. The movie, snack/food, the TV directly in front of me was very nice. I was able to get some work done and get a little shut eye as well. The crew was nice, but most important this was the first time I flew red eye and it was"
"The flight was wonderful, but we did have a 45-minute delay for something to do with the screens. I didn't appreciate that we sat on the plane and waited. Delays have happened to us in the past and once sat on the plane for 1-1/2 hours. NOT a fun experience! They delayed it"
The whole airport experience was nothing like it is hyped up to be...Yes the screening is more ridgid but it is for our protection and I don't mind it I was through the screening and on the plane in less than a half hour.....Just enough time to grab a coffee and use the restroom
"JetBlue Airways Manage Booking Call Now 1-888-540-7192 This is true for most U.S. airlines including JetBlue: Cheapest days to fly: Usually Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays. JetBlue fare sales often restrict travel to those days booking your flight and get the best service"
"JetBlue is a solid airline with good service and easy connection between major cities. Seats are comfy and even though it’s always tough to get sound sleep, the attendants make it very accommodating."
First time flying with Jetblue. Wife and I going to a family wedding in Portland. So we awoke at 2.45am to check in at 4 am for a 6 am departure. Plane seats were doing and let space was quite comfortable as advertised. This was a pleasant surprise! Attendants were
"Comfy as usual. It's nice to have full size soda ( unlike S.West) Smooth flight, friendly staff. Easy to sleep. No wait for the wheelchair Assistance."
"Short ride because this was a layover connection. Only downside; My screen didn't work, but it was ok. The flight staff were so amazing. Christian was the best. So attentive and funny."
"JetBlue has long been my airline of choice for a variety of reasons. For this business trip I purchased Even More Space/Speed on the way don to Tampa and it was well worth it; however, the tv at my seat was out the entire flight. As that is a major selling point and"
"Plenty of leg room, got in earlier than expected. Only complaint is when watching the tv with earphones the pilot blasts your ears it's so loud with constant updates."
"We fly JetBlue a lot and normally have an easy flight. Unfortunately, through no fault of the airline, passengers took our seats before us so that families with small children could sit together. This happened both ways! Not great, but we accommodated them. What was horrible was"
I will NEVER fly with JetBlue EVER again.. my first flight was delayed.. the second flight (when I finally found the gate after several incorrect ones being posted) I was told it was too late and I my fiancé and I would not be allowed on (we’re same sex and African American) and
"Great flights! Nice, clean planes with free seat back TV and lots of leg room. Love the boarding process of window seats first, then middle, then aisle seats. Flights on time, both ways. A representative met the plane at the gate when we landed in Cleveland, and walk with"
Our flight on JetBlue was perfect. We took off on time and arrived early on our arrival flight and our departure flight we departed early and arrived early. The staff couldn't have been accommodating. Will fly JetBlue again!
traveling with Jetblue was great had a direct flight to aruba so nice to get on the plane then off at vacation totally great. had a small problem with seating call Jetblue an in 5 min solved
"Our recent trip to Barbados started out great. Check in was a breeze. Early boarding,food selection and drinks ok. When we arrived in Barbados we had hired a service to expedite customs and immigration. Now comes the wait for luggage 20 minutes pass now come 40 bags of non mint"
"Our recent trip to Barbados started out great. Check in was a breeze. Early boarding,food selection and drinks ok. When we arrived in Barbados we had hired a service to expedite customs and immigration. Now comes the wait for luggage 20 minutes pass now come 40 bags of non mint"
Friendly attendants. Great seat you have room in front of you. You also have a tv in headrest in front of you. Free chips and soda.
"First time on JetBlue and won't be the last. Was very happy with the overall experience. Everything went as well as could be expected as far as JetBlue was concerned. Both flights were smooth, communication from pilot was on point, and service by attendants was very good. "
I always travel on Jetblue because it's affordable. So I know what to expect. I do wish the check in the US was easier and straightforward. Fling to FL wasnt bad but it was coming back that wasn't. Although we checked online we still had to go to the counter because the airline
"Great crew and tasty snacks! Will fly JetBlue again, only airline I will fly with. Seat are comfortable and bathrooms are clean."
JetBlue is a solid choice for flying. Good communication with delays and friendly service. In flight entertainment is a plus and the snacks offered are good.
I love JetBlue. From the non stop service to the free TV and wifi it's the best value for my trips home.
"JetBlue is our airline. Since our first trip in 2013 we have never even considered another airline. The flight is comfortable though long (not their fault), but the time goes quickly with on board entertainment. We do upgrade to extra legroom seats not that I've found the others"
do not purchase the insurance!!! total scam. you get it thinking you can change your flight with ease and you cant. you will have to spend more money and pray the insurance qualifies you for reimbursement. what a joke
I've never had a bad flight with JetBlue and my latest was no exception. Was on a nice brand new plane for both legs of my connection and my seat felt super roomy. Love the snacks and SO many movie options to choose from. Made a 5 hour flight feel like 1. The best!
Amazing airline lots of room great customer service. Highly recommend. Seats are comfortable. Some have the tv in the back of the seat so you can watch a movie
"It seems to me that JetBlue is gradually but steadily sliding downhill. I hope not, but I may soon have to be comparing it with American Airlines -- yuck. Yes, there is more legroom, which is important, and nothing terrible happened really, but two things. First and foremost"
Flight left on time and we arrived thirty minutes early. Terrific flight crew as well as the other passengers.
We started out with an hour delays flight 319 FLL SLC 10/14/19. After finally boarding and sitting for some time in the aircrafts we saw OPS walk down the isle of the plane ... not good. Come to find out that during the loading of beverages and snacks they broke a latch that
We had to change our outgoing location from Guayaquil to Quito due to the unrest against the goverment.I was traveling with my parents and 2 children. We had a flight from Cuenca to Quito and the flight was one hour and 18 minutes late. Jetblue got our luggage on our flight and
We had to change our outgoing location from Guayaquil to Quito due to the unrest against the goverment.I was traveling with my parents and 2 children. We had a flight from Cuenca to Quito and the flight was one hour and 18 minutes late. Jetblue got our luggage on our flight and
"jetBlue will always be my top choice to fly, the usually have good prices if you look and plan your trip with time... now when you say expensive BOOM they are expensive, so always be on the lookout and plan your ""escapes"" with time. They offer great info prior, during and post"
Would recommend all to JetBlue. The free WiFi while in the United States as well as the unlimited snacks separated them from other airlines. Cost of flights were respectable too!
"I normally fly Jetblue for both business and personal and I typically have a pleasant experience. This particular flight was extremely turbulent for what I feel was an extended period of time, well over an hour probably closer to 2 hours. The flight was so turbulent that no"
"Flight was on time, seats were decent, snacks and soda were free. Flight was smooth as were takeoffs and landing, no delays. However any safe flight I believe is a good flight."
Easy check in. Able to switch seats. On time. Lots of leg room. Great snacks and cordial staff. I will fly this airline more often.
Very pleasant experience. Lovely check in staff and air crew. Lots of legroom. Nice clean aircraft. Departed and landed on time. Good selection of free snacks and beverages. Good selection of in flight entertainment. When did airlines start charging for pillows blankets and
"I like JETBLUE , got offered extra legroom for not a lot of money , friendly personnel and on time flight"
To start the red headed girl at the counter was too busy watching videos on her phone to pay attention to her surrounding and the safety of the people at the gate. Then the girl on the flight who states she is an attendant was rude and moving people belongings without even
JetBlue is always our first choice to fly. Flights are always on time and flight crews are awesome! The larger seats are also a great plus! In-flight TV is especially enjoyable as I've had issues on other airlines trying to access the In-flight TV and that is a must for me
I take this flight about 8 times a year. Every time I take it it’s always on time. I can only remember flight once where we were taxiing down the tarmac and we had to turn around due to a medical issue with the co-pilot. Planes have always been clean and flight attendants
Both New Orleans and Denver have sent me back to the end of the regular line on more than one occasion when trying to use Even More Speed. And who is going to argue with TSA? Boston is great but these other airports need JetBlue to step it up with TSA.
"If you have the chance to fly aboard the A320, do so! Excellent leg room, seats are more comfortable and the storage is excellent. The flight was delayed but this was due to bad weather in Boston.. no big deal. The crew was excellent and the flight seemed to take no time at all."
"Excellent flight - departed on time, arrived a little ahead of schedule. Flight crew and attendants were great... Ground staff were very good as well in Boston. The on board entertainment was above average..."
"I need convinced that we should use JetBlue in the future. We live in Pittsburgh and have used JetBlue for 99% of our travels. December 2018, Pgh to Naussu. We missed our connection in Lauderdale by less than 10 min due to a mech problem in Pgh before we left. Eight people for"
The crew on our flight to Orlando were great and on our return flight were just as great. I would fly Jet Blue again and would recommend them to any on of my friends. Jet Blue should be proud of them.
"I had the middle seat. The two passengers in front (middle one empty) watched movies the whole 4+ hours. One watched sex porn showing a couple in bed thrusting and banging each other, in the nude suggestively several times over the length of the movie. The other passenger"
"JetBlue has become one of my favorite airlines to travel with. They have great customer service, the seats are a bit roomier than other airlines, and I’m a big guy so that matters. I’m also quite tall and appreciate the extra leg room.. the offer of upgrading to a roomier seat"
"Always a good experience, but for the return flight home and for the second time in a row, my TV did not work. I am a reader so no big deal, and I accepted a cocktail for the inconvenience. The flight attendant did find me an aisle seat, like the one I was in with an"
"Best RT nonstop, on-time service from JFK/St Maarten/JFK. Convenient time schedule with professional crew."
"I arrived to my gate at the exact time of the gate closure and they would not let me on. Claimed the pilot ""already had his numbers"". I will never use them again!"
"I took a red eye flight from Denver to Boston first. Wow, I got on the plane and everyone got a eye blinder to take a nap on the flight. It was sitting in my seat when I got on. Slept most of the time. The next flight to Santo Domingo when I was awake noticed flight"
"Excellent boarding, on time, felt safe, good service, perfect disembarking, nice crew, fast baggage at destination"
Flew from NY to Fl to cruise. Great flight. Flight attendants were very friendly. Free beverage and snacks
"JetBlue is very reasonable when it comes to pricing and the service and staff is just superb!! I have not had one bad experience with them, the leg room they give you is so much better than any other airline and the in flight entertainment is amazing!"
"We flew from Rochester, NY to NYC, then from NYC to Seattle, WA...the flights left on time and arrived on time. The staff at the airports were very helpful, and friendly, and the staff on the plane were very friendly, yet professional. I would recommend Jetblue to family and"
"My husband and I had a wonderful flight! We will defiantly fly jet Blue again. The crew was so friendly and kind, top notch service! The polite was great, very nice and very informative."
"We were delayed 5 hours and 7 minutes flying from Orlando to DC. It was not related to weather, as very few other flights surrounding us were delayed. We were told that the plane we were supposed to be on was coming from Nassau and was delayed, so we were then put on a different"
"I have been flying Jet Blue for the last 20 years and have always had good flights and usually on time back and forth from Florida to New York. Unfortunatly, the only bank they use for their frequent flyers is Barclaycard which is the worst credit card ever. Their customer"
"Flew to Cancun from JFK late August, my daughters and I took an early morning flight. Staff on the ground and on flight friendly and helpful, the flight left on time and arrived early at our destination. Return flight was also good, we have traveled to different countries to"
booked family vacation on jet blue vacations and definitely saved money by not booking separately . I also add a car rental with hotel and saved. upgraded to Mint with savings which was a first class experience. I might sound like a commercial but I booked with my jet blue
Jet Blue is a reliable and professional Airline that we fly as often as it is available tour destination. We always appreciate their non-stop service.
"My wife and I are from the state of New York. Occasionally we need to travel to Los Angeles to visit my wife's sister. Our flight back from Los Angeles to Buffalo New York, was great. We were on a very new plane from JetBlue, the televisions were great. They were brand-new the"
"Jet Blue states on its website that an overweight bag is $150; however, when you check in an overweight bag, JetBlue charges you $30 for the ""first bag"" PLUS the $150 because the bag is overweight for a TOTAL of $180 for one overweight bag."
Many trips to and from Newark NJ to Delray Beach FL. The best in legroom and the best of the best in customer service
After a 17 hour flight I booked a flight from Sydney to Melbourne to get home after a business trip. I was randomly selected twice to be searched. I finally get onto the plane and into my seat when an employee came to me and said that I would need to leave because of a battery
I flew from Boston to Aruba. I paid extra for my husband and I to have extra legroom as my husband has a leg injury. Only to find out the guy next to me sat next to us but did not pay for the extra room. He saw the seat next to us was open and took it. Flight attendants should
"We haven't flight with them, that was our first experience. Flight was on time to Miami and back also. It was a std. Airbus and has a very good leg room for no extra money. Pets allowed, so we had a very cute new friend on our trip. The stewardess on the plane was so lovely!!"
"What a great flight. We hate flying at night, but it was doable with quiet and helpful staff. We had a round trip and both times pleasant. Wonderful that they give you unlimited snacks and beverages - help yourself half way through flight. Don't like that they have people"
"Best airline for tall people who need leg room. Even if you do not pay for an extra room seat, you will have enough room to fit your feet and backpack. I cannot function without the internet or flight tracker. These planes all have it. Engines are quiet and staff are always"
"Comfortable seating, great web site for easy booking. Phone alerts, and easy to use phone app. Clean planes, great flight attendants. Flight was leaving late and they gave us free pre packaged meals for free. Always had a pleasant flight with jet blue."
"Jet blue provides on time service, snacks and good customer service. A reasonable priced airline with a few perks."
"Great Airline. No complaints. Free WiFi, snacks, and drinks. Nota cattle car like AmericanAirlines. awe willl always take JetBlue from now on."
"Happily surprised. Great service provided by the flight attendants, WiFi and entertainment during the flight, and even snacks. The only bad side was that I got the last seat because I checked in late af."
"It was honestly a very good and organized flight, both ways the boarding started right on time, and both flights reached their destination ahead of the scheduled time."
"It was honestly a very good and organized flight, both ways the boarding started right on time, and both flights reached their destination ahead of the scheduled time."
"Worst experience by far today. I always fly JetBlue. In fact usually the ONLY airline I fly. Today I experienced the WORST customer service at Orlando airport JetBlue employees, Bobbie and Jason 'jay'"
"The flight was great. Got off on time. The plane was clean as well as the bathrooms. Customs at the airport was like always, crowed and long lines but thats government at work. (No lines at our southern borders) Bags arrived OK and with ne delays."
"Yesterday my family flew from San Francisco to JFK in Jet Blue’s Mint Class, aka Business class. Our crew was led by Stephen and Rosa. They were professional and accommodating, as well as charming. The seats are comfy and the single pod set up is the best. The only complaint"
"The flight hit a lot of turbulence, Otherwise it was a great flight, great service. Extra leg room is way to go."
This airline is one of my favorite! They always treat me like family. Customer service is always far and beyond. I’m so happy to fly with jet Blue my Mike is the best ! Thanks jet blue for always giving the best
"Excellent service....Timely take-off ....Perfect Timing........Keep it Up.... Very Professional attitude & behavior, by staff...."
"Our flights in both directions were perfect, excellent service, on time arrivals, friendly staff. The point of this review is too suggest people from Boston take the nonstop flights. The 7 am flight from Boston gets you in Aruba in time for lunch. We heard bad stories from"
"My husband and I flew from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Albany, New York on JetBlue. We couldn’t pass up the great deal ($89. each-one way) or the non stop flight. Our flight was great! Flight crew was friendly, seats are spacious and clean. They do have extended leg room seats"
"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
"Good weather and low demand time assured that this midday Sunday flight was on time However TV did not work at my and many other seats Wi Fly took forever to open, and it did not offer anything except shopping on Amazon Drinks are becoming smaller and smaller less than 1/2 cup"
"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
"JetBlue is always an easy flight, check in 24 hours in advance, pay for luggage, arrive at airport and you are on your way."
"Omg I had such a great experience flying with Jetblue. Checking was super easy, flight was on time and the seats on the aircraft was very roomy. I traveled with my boyfriend who is a very big guy and he was very comfortable on the plane. Our trip was worth every penny and we"
Seemed a little more leg room. Leather seats. Display screen with many options to watch or listen but be sure to bring your listening device or pay an arm and a leg to get one.
"I continue to be impressed by JetBlue. Round trip Boston to San Francisco. Lots of leg room, great service and ON TIME. What more can you ask for?"
"Although the flights over the last 4 years were nonstop, It would be better if I flown during the day instead of at night landing in Reno, and landing in the morning back at JFK on a red eye flight. There should be a daytime flight direct and nonstop."
"Lay down relax and enjoy the flight!! Flying mint is the way to go. The seat layout to full beds and the massage you !! And the food is yummy!! You get three different small plates!! Best thing and you can’t mess is their signature cocktail get that with or without vodka I "
"Would like to book a flight but I can’t! Ridiculous I don’t have time to wait on the phone for an hour, get it together jetblue"
